Adding Flame Bloc package 🔥🧱 (#990)
flame-engine/flame: packages/flame_bloc/README.md

# Flame Bloc 🔥🧱

`flame_bloc` adds easy access to blocs/cubits that are available on the widget tree to your Flame game and
makes it possible for Flame components to listen to state changes to those blocs/cubits.

## How to use

> Lets assume we have a bloc that handles player invetory and it is available on the widget tree via a `BlocProvider` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets assume we have a bloc that handles player inventory and it is available on the widget tree via a `BlocProvider` like this:
```

# Flame Bloc 🔥🧱

`flame_bloc` adds easy access to blocs/cubits that are available on the widget tree to your Flame game and

> makes it possible for flame components to listen to state changes to those blocs/cubits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
makes it possible for Flame components to listen to state changes to those blocs/cubits.
```

## How to use

> Lets assume we have a bloc that handles player invetory and it is available on the widget tree by
> from a `BlocProvider` like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lets assume we have a bloc that handles player invetory and it is available on the widget tree via a `BlocProvider` like this:
```
